Daxing again for a thousand years
I don't accept you, beggar.
Why are you qualified to become a famous sword in the world?
What qualifications can make me Shushan Daxing for a thousand years?
forgive thieves
Master of the World's Famous Swords
Little brother, you are mighty
But not enough to convince me
I, Zhao Linglong, inherit the Shushan Qi Pine
In just five years
Let Shushan Qi Song be famous all over the world
Against the Demon Court
Little brother, if you are qualified
May not make us happy
Nice
You are someone of unknown origin and have never met anyone.
No matter how talented you are
It doesn't prove that you didn't slaughter demons, my Shushan
Not worthy to be compared with Sect Master Linglong
You are the master of Mount Shu
We refuse
dissatisfied
Don't accept that big courage
You dare to question my words